feat(edge-services): update doc following migration (#6556)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/edge-services/how-to/create-pipeline.mdx

    <Tabs>
    <TabsTab label="Object Storage">

    - Select the **Region** of the bucket you want this pipeline to serve content for.
    - Select the **bucket** itself from the dropdown list.

    </TabsTab>
    <TabsTab label="Load Balancer">

    - Select the **Zone** of the Load Balancer you want this pipeline to serve content for.
    - Select the **Load Balancer** from the dropdown list. The Edge Services pipeline will connect to this Load Balancer when requesting content.
    - Select a **frontend** associated with the Load Balancer from the dropdown list. The Edge Services pipeline will connect to the Load Balancer on this port when requesting content. We recommend that you select an HTTPS port, e.g. `443`. Note that if you are creating multiple pipelines for the same Load Balancer, each one must be configured for a different frontend.
    - Select the **Protocol** that Edge Services should use when making requests to the backend, either `HTTP` or `HTTPS` (recommended). Choose the protocol that corresponds with your Load Balancer setup.

>     - Optionally, enter a [Destination host](/edge-services/concepts/#destination-host) associated with your Load Balancer for this pipeline. When specified, this host replaces the Load Balancer IP address in the HTTP Host Header of the requests made from Edge Services to your Load Balancer. If no destination host is specified, the Host from the incoming request will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Optionally, enter a [Destination host](/edge-services/concepts/#destination-host) associated with your Load Balancer for this pipeline. When specified, this host replaces the Load Balancer IP address in the HTTP Host Header of the requests made from Edge Services to your Load Balancer. If no destination host is specified, the host from the incoming request will be used.
```

>     - Optionally, enter a [Destination host](/edge-services/concepts/#destination-host) associated with your Load Balancer for this pipeline. When specified, this host replaces the Load Balancer IP address in the HTTP Host Header of the requests made from Edge Services to your Load Balancer. If no destination host is specified, the Host from the incoming request will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Optionally, enter a [Destination host](/edge-services/concepts/#destination-host) associated with your Load Balancer for this pipeline. When specified, this host replaces the Load Balancer IP address in the HTTP `Host` header of the requests made from Edge Services to your Load Balancer. If no destination host is specified, the Host from the incoming request will be used.
```

    <Message type="tip">
    For Kubernetes Load Balancers, see our [dedicated documentation](#help-for-kubernetes-load-balancers) for help selecting the correct Load Balancer and frontend.

>     Note that you cannot use a [private Load Balancer](/load-balancer/concepts/#private-load-balancer) as an Edge Services backend. Load Balancers must have a public IP address to be compatible with Edge Services. You can use [ACLs](/load-balancer/concepts/#acl) to filter traffic towards public Load Balancers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Note that you cannot use a [private Load Balancer](/load-balancer/concepts/#private-load-balancer) as an Edge Services backend. Load Balancers must have a public IP address to be compatible with Edge Services. You can use [ACLs](/load-balancer/concepts/#acl) to filter traffic toward public Load Balancers.
```

    - **WAF**: When enabled, requests to your backend are evaluated by a **W**eb **A**pplication **F**irewall. Malicious requests are blocked or logged, depending on your settings. Set a paranoia level to determine WAF's aggressivity, and a mode (block or log) for dealing with malicious requests. [Find out more about WAF](/edge-services/reference-content/understanding-waf/).

5. Enter a name for the pipeline, or keep the randomly generated one.

6. Check the cost summary for the pipeline, notably whether it falls within the limits of your current [subscription plan](/edge-services/reference-content/understanding-pricing/), then click **Create Edge Services pipeline**.

    You are returned to the **Pipelines** tab, where the newly created pipeline now displays.

    <Message type="important">

>     For Object Storage backends, your bucket's [visibility](/object-storage/concepts/#visibility) can be set to **private**, but any objects within it that you want to expose via Edge Services must be set to [public](/object-storage/how-to/manage-object-visibility/). However, in the case that you are using Edge Services with bucket website, objects can remain private.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For Object Storage backends, your bucket's [visibility](/object-storage/concepts/#visibility) can be set to **private**, but any objects within it that you want to expose via Edge Services must be set to [public](/object-storage/how-to/manage-object-visibility/). However, if you are using Edge Services with bucket website, objects can remain private.
```

    </Message>

## How to access your bucket via Edge Services

Once you have created an Edge Services pipeline for an Object Storage bucket, you can access your bucket and its content via the following endpoints. Make sure that you replace `bucket-name` or `pipeline-id` with relevant details for your bucket/pipeline.

| Endpoint                                | Where to find this endpoint in the console | Notes                                                           |
|-----------------------------------------|--------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `https://bucket-name.s3.nl-ams.scw.cloud` | The **Bucket settings** tab                | Edge Services is bypassed when the bucket is accessed via this endpoint  |
| `https://pipeline-id.svc.edge.scw.cloud`  | The **Edge Services** tab                  | Edge Services serves bucket content when this endpoint is used |

> The two endpoints shown above are available as standard. However, with Edge Services, you can also choose to configure a **custom domain** from which your bucket can be accessed. Read more about this in [How to configure a custom domain](/edge-services/how-to/configure-custom-domain/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The endpoints shown above are available as standard. However, with Edge Services, you can also choose to configure a **custom domain** from which your bucket can be accessed. Read more about this in [How to configure a custom domain](/edge-services/how-to/configure-custom-domain/).
```

Reviewer 2: In case there'll be more endpoints in the future, we don't have to remember to update the number.

## WebSocket support

If you want Edge Services to be able to forward WebSocket requests to a Load Balancer, you must enable a specific parameter via the Edge Services API.

Make a call to the [Update backend stage](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/edge-services/#path-backend-stages-update-backend-stage) endpoint, to enable the `has_websocket` parameter in the `scaleway_lb` object.

If you do not enable `has_websocket`, WebSocket requests will not be forwarded to the Load Balancer. This means that any client attempting to establish a WebSocket connection to the Load Balancer backend via Edge Services will experience a failed connection or a 400/500 HTTP error.

This parameter cannot yet be set via the Scaleway console.

## Help for Kubernetes Load Balancers

If you are setting up an Edge Services pipeline for a [Kubernetes Kapsule](/kubernetes) Load Balancer, follow these steps to determine which Load Balancer and frontend to configure for your pipeline:

1. Run `kubectl describe svc`.

    An output displays.

> 2. Locate the section of the output that relates to your LoadBalancer service. It should look something like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Locate the section of the output that relates to your `LoadBalancer` service. It should look something like this:
```

    ```
    Name:                     myloadbalancer
    Namespace:                default
    Labels:                   app=mydeployment
    Annotations:              service.beta.kubernetes.io/scw-loadbalancer-id: fr-par-1/a92de52e-262f-99f9-be66-5220003a2e42
    Selector:                 app=mydeployment
    Type:                     LoadBalancer
    IP Family Policy:         SingleStack
    IP Families:              IPv4
    IP:                       10.32.220.60
    IPs:                      10.32.220.60
    LoadBalancer Ingress:     51.159.25.111
    Port:                     http  8000/TCP
    TargetPort:               8000/TCP
    NodePort:                 http  32041/TCP
    Endpoints:                
    Session Affinity:         None
    External Traffic Policy:  Cluster
    ```
3. Find the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/scw-loadbalancer-id` annotation, and note your Load Balancer ID (e.g. `a92de52e-262f-99f9-be66-5220003a2e42`). Check your Load Balancer list in the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/load-balancer/lbs) to find the Load Balancer name that corresponds to this ID. This is the Load Balancer you should select for the Edge Services pipeline.

> 4. Find the **NodePort** line and note the port mentioned (in the case above, `32041`). In the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/load-balancer/lbs), find the frontend of the Load Balancer from step 3 that corresponds with this port. This is the frontend and port you should select for the Edge Services pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Find the **NodePort** line and note the port mentioned (in the example above, `32041`). In the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/load-balancer/lbs), find the frontend of the Load Balancer from step 3 that corresponds to this port. This is the frontend and port you should select for the Edge Services pipeline.
```
